There are still many areas here in Madagascar without any publishers.
Jesus' command was disciples to go out and preach definitely still applies in our territory.
I want to take part in fulfilling prophecy.
Watching the broadcast has also helped me.
I am so glad I could have a share in this work.
This time we had so many publishers who wanted to take part
that we had to add more territories to preaching.
I hope that in the future each one of these territories will become a congregation.
The journey was difficult and painful at times,
but when we got there, all we were so happy.
Being with 80 publishers, all with different personalities,
really helped me to make changes to myself because we have to get along together.
Preaching the people of a different culture was amazing
and seeing Jehovah's wonderful creation made me so happy.
Last year I made a lot of new friends,
but this year I got to know even more people
because my new friends brought along their parents and others.
All the brothers and sisters were so happy,
showing unity and love.
Even though we all came from different regions,
many householders were interested and we faced no opposition.
We made many return visits and started many Bible studies.
This was the best and most enjoyable time that we have ever had in the ministry.